Create external-identity-policy.md (#15444)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/externalidentitiespolicy.md

---
title: "externalIdentitiesPolicy resource type"

> description: "Resources for External Identities Policy"

Reviewer: Ideally, could be similar to the first sentence of the description below. Also good for SEO.
```suggestion
description: "Represents the tenant-wide policy that controls whether external users can leave an Azure AD tenant via self-service controls."
```

author: "KuiGithui"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# externalIdentitiesPolicy resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Gives tenant administrator control over external identities by allowing or restricting external identities to leave an organization via self-service controls. When permitted by the administrator, external identities will have access to self-service controls via the My Account portal.

Reviewer: Suggestion to be explicit about what these self-service capabilities are/allowed them to do
```suggestion
Represents the tenant-wide policy that controls whether external users can leave the guest Azure AD tenant via self-service controls. When permitted by the administrator, external users can leave the guest Azure AD tenant through the **organizations** menu of the [My Account](https://myaccount.microsoft.com/) portal.
```

Inherits from [policyBase](../resources/policybase.md).

## Methods
|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[Get externalIdentitiesPolicy](../api/externalidentitiespolicy-get.md)|[externalIdentitiesPolicy](../resources/externalidentitiespolicy.md)|Read the properties and relationships of an [externalIdentitiesPolicy](../resources/externalidentitiespolicy.md) object.|
|[Update externalIdentitiesPolicy](../api/externalidentitiespolicy-update.md)|[externalIdentitiesPolicy](../resources/externalidentitiespolicy.md)|Update the properties of an [externalIdentitiesPolicy](../resources/externalidentitiespolicy.md) object.|

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |allowDeletedIdentitiesDataRemoval|Boolean|The setting will inform AAD that cleanup of the external identities user information stored within the local tenant should be deleted (or not) when the user is deleted in their home directory.|
> |allowExternalIdentitiesToLeave|Boolean|The setting will inform AAD whether allow or restrict external identities to leave the tenant.If set to false, self service is not enabled, and therefore admin will need to manually perform the clean up.|
> |displayName|String|Contains string data for policy display information. Inherited from [policyBase](../resources/policybase.md).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|allowDeletedIdentitiesDataRemoval|Boolean|Notifies Azure AD whether to clean up the user information about the external identity, from the guest tenant, when the user is deleted in their home tenant. |
|allowExternalIdentitiesToLeave|Boolean|Defines whether external users can leave the guest tenant. If set to `false`, self-service controls are not enabled, and the admin of the guest tenant must manually remove the external user from the guest tenant.|
|displayName|String|The policy name. Inherited from [policyBase](../resources/policybase.md).|
```

## Relationships
None.

## JSON representation
The following is a JSON representation of the resource.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "keyProperty": "id",
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.externalIdentitiesPolicy",
  "baseType": "microsoft.graph.policyBase",
  "openType": false
}
-->
``` json

> {
> "id": "String (identifier)",
> "deletedDateTime":null,
> "allowExternalIdentitiesToLeave": true,
> "allowDeletedIdentitiesDataRemoval": false,
> "displayName": "String"
> }

Reviewer: The JSON representation has data types and shouldn't be confused with a response object.
Added the properties inherited from policyBase and upstream resources/base types.
```suggestion
{
  "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.externalIdentitiesPolicy",
  "id": "String (identifier)",
  "deletedDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "description": "String",
  "displayName": "String",
  "allowExternalIdentitiesToLeave": "Boolean",
  "allowDeletedIdentitiesDataRemoval": "Boolean"
}
```
